- Transfer proteins to a PVDF membrane via iBlot [1]:

  - Place the anode stack (in its plastic tray) in 
    the iBlot machine.
    - Remove any bubbles underneath the membrane.

  - Place the gel on the membrane.
    - Rinse the gel with water beforehand.
    - Remove any bubbles.

  - Soak included filter paper in water
  - Place filter paper on gel.
    - Remove any bubbles.

  - Place the cathode stack on the filter paper 
    (copper side up, agarose side down, discard 
    tray).
    - Remove any bubbles.

  - Attach disposable sponge to the lid of the 
    iBlot machine.  Make sure the metal band is in 
    the upper right, aligned with the electrode.

  - Run at 20V (P3) for 5-6 min [2].

  - Transfer the membrane to water immediately 
    after the run finishes.  If the membrane dries 
    out, re-wet it in methanol and rinse with 
    water before blocking.

Notes:

[1] https://tinyurl.com/yb5cj5ac
    https://tinyurl.com/t89e2n43

    Do not touch the membrane or gel with bare or 
    gloved hands. This may contaminate the gel or 
    membrane and interfere with further analysis. 
    If you need to adjust the membrane, always use 
    tweezers. 

    Sometimes there is green discoloration around 
    the sides of the membrane after the transfer.  
    This is due to copper ions from the transfer 
    stacks being carried by liquids and deposited 
    on the membrane.  These deposits do not 
    interfere with downstream processes.  The 
    stained regions can be cut away, but membrane 
    washing typically results in their removal.  
    To minimize this effect, shake excess water 
    off the filter paper and buffer from the gel 
    before placing each on the stack.

[2] Small proteins <30 kDa migrate more rapidly 
    during electrophoretic separation, and 
    consequently require less time to transfer 
    from the gel matrix to the membrane. If your 
    protein of interest is in this size range, you 
    may need to reduce the run time to 5–6 minutes 
    for your transfer. 
